README.md, before:

# Mod05-workdayScheduler
Daily workflow calendar for a user to organize daily workflow

# Work Day Scheduler Starter Code
HTML file set-up with links and basic framework of webpage.
CSS file set-up with basic styling.

# Project Status
Submitted for evaluation.

# Project Deployed


# Screenshot of webpage


# Installation
Used original HTML and style.css files from assignment.
Used Javascript to 


# Usage


# Original Assignment Criteria
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with time blocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the time blocks for that day
THEN each time block is color-coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a time block
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that time block
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist

# Roadmap


# Authors and acknowledgement

Commit message:

9am row coded and save button functioning, added to README

README.md, after:

# Mod05-workdayScheduler
Daily workflow calendar for a user to organize daily workflow

# Work Day Scheduler Starter Code
HTML file set-up with links and basic framework of webpage.
CSS file set-up with basic styling.

# Project Status
Submitted for evaluation.

# Project Deployed


# Screenshot of webpage


# Installation
Used original HTML and style.css files from assignment.
Used the labels in CSS file to create time-block coding in HTML.
Used HTML coding to create columns within each time row.


# Usage
Users can enter hourly activities and save.
Users can visually see which time rows have already passed, are happening now, or are in the future by the color-coding.


# Original Assignment Criteria
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with time blocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the time blocks for that day
THEN each time block is color-coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a time block
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that time block
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist

# Roadmap
This is a basic daily work-hour schedule.  This could be developed to include more features, like autofill, alerts for upcoming events, etc.

# Authors and acknowledgement
